You should be able to load the R environment to avoid having to run all the code (ART ~2hrs). Graphical results are located in the graphs folder. Overall voluntary release seems to have the greatest effect across all variables. The heritability of vulnerability appears to have little effect, and post-release mortality has a small effect. Higher harvest rates of fish > 300mm were associated with a decrease in the number of fish caught, average age of fish, average length of fish, number of fish caught, and the number of trophy fish caught. Under low harvest rates of larger fish the mandatory harvest of fish under 300mm was successful at producing a better fishery. However, as soon as harvest rates of larger fish increased, the management strategy was rendered ineffective. 

Overall this model is far too simple for a published paper. However, it could be useful for evaluating the effects of long-term harvest strategies for ponds. This model would be improved by including size-specific reproduction and mortality. Furthermore, additional research is needed to understand the heritability of fish vulnerability to capture. Additionally, it would be interesting to incorporate decision-making by anglers. Density-dependent growth and mortality should also be explored. 

The objective of this model was to determine if the heritability of vulnerability to capture could render harvesting smaller fish ineffective as a management strategy. The results of this model indicate under high harvest rates this is possible, but less likely when harvest rates are low. Given the nature of pond anglers, and that fish are rarely harvested outside the objective of managing the pond this high level of harvest is unlikely. It would be interesting to repeat the model with a species such as crappie that are much more likely to be harvested than Bass.
